everyone Valentine's Day is coming up
shortly so I thought that my Electra
designs playboy overbust would be a
suitable review for February because
it's sweet hard and it's pink and
everything so Electra designs is my
featured corset ear of the month of
February I don't know if you have seen
my previous videos but I mentioned that
I'm going to try and feature one
individual designer or independent
course of tear each month for this year
so Electra designs is going to be my
future corset here for February so here
is the front beside the back and the
other side so this corset is actually a
sample so I'm very very lucky that it
fits me so well the center front here is
16 inches it comes down into a very very
deep V point this was deliberately
drafted this way because of the photo
shoot it was supposed to sort of
resemble one of the Playboy bunny body
suits basically so if you don't like how
deep this becomes then Alexis would be
able to draft it a little bit shorter
for you so from the peak of the bust
here down to the bottom where the the
lap would be is 15 inches this is a
plunge sweetheart boom or bust and this
also has special hip ties on the side
which is not usually there for her
normal styles of course it's it's
another add-on that you can request if
you're going to be commissioning a piece
from her another really cool thing about
this corset that I don't have any on any
of my other courses is the lacing panel
at the back here because it has lacing
bolts and this is not the typical Leeson
bones that I have experienced from other
stores online because these lacing bones
are actually very flexible and are able
to conform to the natural
of my spine so I'm not hunched over one
way or force to have a straight way back
the other way so this is actually
remarkably comfortable so here is the
corset laying flat and for the material
of this for the satin here it's actually
more of a salmon as opposed to like a
really bright hot pink actually in real
life so I don't know if that's coming
out on camera but it's absolutely
beautiful so there's that satin on the
outside and then on the inside here you
can see that it's lined in could tell if
this one does not have a floating liner
but you can purchase corsets with a
liner for a small markup on the website
and for the construction of this if I
turn it on its side here you can see
that it has eight panels here one two
three four in the front and then five
six seven eight for the back here so
eight panel pattern total sixteen panels
in all and for the actual assembly I can
see here that each seam is stitched
multiple times and actually if you read
on the Electra designs website Alexis
says that each theme is stitched a total
of four times so it's very sturdily
constructed as for the bones they're
sandwiched in between the layers and
there is one bone on each seat as well
as an additional bone in the middle of
the panel's if they're large enough to
do so so that is really really nice I
actually prefer this type of boning to
just having double bones on the seams
because it just feels like it
distributes the tension a little bit
better here of course there are two
bones on the scene here because it needs
to be able to support this the the side
hits right there for the inside here
like I said before no floating liner but
you can get a floating liner if you pay
for it but this was just a sample so I
don't know I haven't had options and you
can very clearly see that there is a
waste tape running through the inside of
this corset and the binding job on this
is actually beautiful it's machine
stitched on the outside but it is all
hand stitched on the inside so it gives
a really really smooth and very neat
finish on both the inside and the
outside there are no Garter tops in this
one but once again you know Alexis does
so many
custom orders that if you request garter
tabs then I'm sure she could accommodate
that for you you can clearly see that
this comes with a modesty panel in the
back it has steel bones in it and it's
suspended floating on the laces so
that's very comfortable I like that a
lot
and this also comes with a front modesty
placket beside the busk here and this
busk is a standard with busk so 1/2 inch
wide on each side and this particular
one is 13 and a half inches long with 6
pins of course the two lowermost pins
are a little bit closer together to give
you some control if you need that extra
a little bit of control there if you
have any lower belly pooch and for the
bones themselves
there are 24 bones in this corset total
not including the buskin front so you
can see 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 on
each side most of them aren't quarter
inch wide spiral steel bones in here
especially on the sides there is a I
believe 3 is 3/8 of an inch wide flat
steel bone next to the bust and also
next to the lacing panel here and these
lacing bones are kind of like the PS toe
has a stone so these are the two-part
eyelets that are in the back of the
corset set into the lacing bone here
they have a very small flange around
them but like I said this is a non-issue
because it's set into the bone itself
not just the fabric so it's not going to
come free at all a lot of the tension
from the laces are taken by the bone
itself as opposed to the actual grommets
and alexis says that she finds these
small flanges to be more aesthetically
pleasing than the grommets with a great
big honkin flange around them so there
are 28 of these two-part eyelets 14 on
each side and so you can see that I'm
moving the modesty panel aside so you
can see the the underside of these
two-part eyelets here the washer is
substantially larger than the flesh on
the outside of the eyelets so it gives a
little bit more support you can see that
there's absolutely zero splits in these
it all glides very smoothly through and
they're very pretty very functional and
very pretty the price of a short hip
plunge overbust corset from
four designs starts at four hundred and
sixty nine dollars for a standard sized
corset or five hundred and $69 for a
made-to-measure corset not including any
of the add-ons that I have mentioned
here such as the hip ties or the modesty
panel in the back or the lining inside
so this concludes my electric designs
review I hope you enjoyed it if you did
then please click that like button and
help support the channel if you have any
comments or questions above this corset
or I think in general that leave a
comment down below and let me know your
Valentine's Day plans if you have any
I'm probably not gonna be doing anything
because it's right smack in the middle
of the week but let me know if you're
doing anything also leave a comment down
below and I will see you guys in the
next video bye